Welcome to Current Theme!

This is the framework I use to get up and running. All my main wordpress template
files are located in the root of the folder. All my page templates are placed in 
templates, thanks to Wordpress 3.4's capability of putting page templates into 
subdirectories.


ASSETS

Inside the assets folder you'll find all the static assets you'd be using in the theme.
It's broken down into css, fonts, img, js, and less. Inside of less you'll find base,
bootstrap, media, and theme. Base includes a bunch of stylings I like to use over and
over. Bootstrap is Twitter Bootstrap, version 2.0.4 at the time of this writing. Media
includes all the media queries you'll be using. Theme is where I place the theme specific
stylings as well as the theme specific LESS mixins. Style.less is just an import file.
That way, if something breaks, I can turn off segments of the code off one at a time.
I came to LESS from SASS, so I'm used to precompiling. I compile assets/less/style.less into
assets/css/style.css. That's also what style.css imports, for reference.


INC

Inc is where I place all the php code that I'll be using outside of template files. It's
organized like so: functions, lang, loops, models, plugins, and widgets. Inside functions 
I place any theme functions that I'll be using such as things that are run on theme-setup,
activation, etc. It's also where I define all my sidebars, menus and such. Lang is the 
language folder. Loops is where I place any and all loops that I'll be using throughout 
the theme. Models is similar to loops in that it's chunks of code that I use and reuse, 
but it's not performing any real tasks. It's just where I place meta blocks or other chunks 
of code that are used often. Plugins is where I define what plugins are required for the 
theme to work. Thanks to Thomas Griffin's plugin activation class (http://tgmpluginactivation.com/),
we can tell the user which plugins are required and let them install and activate right there.
Pretty awesome. Plugins are defined in inc/plugins/plugins.php. Widgets is where I place 
all my widgets.
